When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When I want to share my work with other people. Or eventually, if there is any risk about my local repository and remote repository       will help me keep the information about the project safe

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Possibly, not all the changes need to be present on GitHub or anywhere else. For example, experimental branches that haven't ended         successfully. On the other hand, i can do offline one changes and my colleague may update online version, so my files may be lost by       automatical pull

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    I'll use fork to make a copy of somebody's project from GitHub
    I'll use clone to copy a project right onto my computer from a direct link
    I'll use branches locally working on my project

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    it's good to keep track of the project main branch state

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    I would probably use some social network like vk.com or data shawe website like dropbox. It's easier, because it doesn't require any additional knowledge, courses or thinking efforts, but there is a huuuuuge downside in functionality and practicality, so the ways, i've described are terrible in compare with GitHub

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    I'd change separate branch, when i work on some feature that is not ended completely and by the end of the work on the feature, i'd implement it to master branch, so i'll separate working on feature and providing feature that will help me concentrate on one task every moment of work.
